In that last practice phase you search through 32 objects on the screen, just like this.
We've had a lot of people take this study and most people would say that that's about a medium level of difficulty.
If we added objects to this array the search would become more difficult, and if we took objects away the search will become easier.
Throughout the rest of the experiment you're going to be seeing two options appearing on the screen, just like this. The D key selects the Left option, the F key selects the right option.
The outcomes on these options tell you how many more or fewer objects than 32 will appear in the next search, for example, the outcome zero here means zero objects more than 32, which means it will be searching through 32 objects which is about medium level difficulty.
The outcome -14 here means that you'll be searching through 14 objects fewer than 32.
You'll notice one of these options always has two outcomes while the other option only has one.
This option, with two outcomes is like a risky option, because it's like flipping a coin, to determine which one you'll get. The other option is a safe option, because if you choose this option, you will always get the one outcome displayed, in this case 7 objects fewer than 32.
Eventually you'll also be seeing choices between options that have a red number, with a plus sign next to them. This one tells you how many more objects than 32 you'll be searching among, so these ones are going to be more difficult.
If you select one, like if I select the risky deck here i'll see which outcome I get.
Zero in this case, which means 32 and then i'll be doing 9 searches, so you do 9 searches for each choice that you make.
When you're ready to begin this next phase of the experiment, you can press on the button on the lower right hand side of the screen to begin.